feat: add article topic-detection-and-summarization-deepgram (#88)
deepgram/content: articles/en/community/topic-detection-and-summarization-deepgram-1323323009489965166.md

    // Step 1: Transcribe audio
    const transcription = await transcribeAudio(audioUrl);

    // Assume transcribeAudio is a function that calls Deepgram API for transcription

    // Step 2: Detect topics
    const topics = await detectTopics(transcription);

    // Step 3: Summarize each topic
    const summaries = topics.map(async (topic) => {
        const summary = await summarizeTopic(topic);
        return summary;
    });

    return summaries;
}
```

> Note: Implement `transcribeAudio`, `detectTopics`, and `summarizeTopic` with actual Deepgram API calls and logic.

### Conclusion

By integrating topic detection with summarization, you can enhance the processing of speech-to-text data, making it easier to digest and more informative. If issues persist or the system behavior seems inconsistent, reach out to your Deepgram support representative (if you have one) or visit our community for assistance: [Deepgram Community](https://discord.gg/deepgram).

### References

- [Deepgram Transcription API Documentation](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/getting-started-with-pre-recorded-audio)
  - [JavaScript/TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/deepgram/deepgram-js-sdk)

>   - Additional SDK options are available for Python, Go, .NET, and Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Additional SDK options are available for [Python, Go, .NET](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/deepgram-sdks)
```

Reviewer: Adding a link to our main SDK page in Docs

```javascript
async function detectAndSummarize(audioUrl) {
    // Step 1: Transcribe audio
    const transcription = await transcribeAudio(audioUrl);

    // Assume transcribeAudio is a function that calls Deepgram API for transcription

    // Step 2: Detect topics
    const topics = await detectTopics(transcription);

    // Step 3: Summarize each topic
    const summaries = topics.map(async (topic) => {
        const summary = await summarizeTopic(topic);
        return summary;
    });

    return summaries;
}
```

> Note: Implement `transcribeAudio`, `detectTopics`, and `summarizeTopic` with actual Deepgram API calls and logic.

### Conclusion

By integrating topic detection with summarization, you can enhance the processing of speech-to-text data, making it easier to digest and more informative. If issues persist or the system behavior seems inconsistent, reach out to your Deepgram support representative (if you have one) or visit our community for assistance: [Deepgram Community](https://discord.gg/deepgram).

### References

- [Deepgram Transcription API Documentation](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/getting-started-with-pre-recorded-audio)

> - [Deepgram SDKs](https://github.com/deepgram)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: opting to remove this link.
